[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: The Akashic
Records, can we rewrite them?
>>DEBBIE SOLARIS: When souls
are formulated in the beginning
of time, they're very large.
They might have to split.
Everybody makes
these soul contracts.
>>NOORY: Can you
break the contract?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, you
can break contracts.
>>NOORY: That's probably
not a good idea, right?
How do we know
this is a soulmate?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, that's
a question I get a lot.
A lot of times I have
clients that say,
you know, I think I'm
being abducted a lot.
I'm not sure if I have a
contract with grey aliens.
>>NOORY: Is there a
guiding force that kind of
overlooks these agreements?
[THEME MUSIC]
Well, welcome to Beyond Belief.
Debbie Solaris with us, an
ET contactee and galactic
historian.
Now, through her connection
with the Akashic Records,
she receives downloads
of galactic history.
Debbie, welcome
to Beyond Belief.
>>SOLARIS: Thanks, George.
Thanks for having me back.
And we've got to stop
meeting like this, though.
It's--
>>NOORY: It's the best place
to meet, though, isn't it?
>>SOLARIS: I know, it is, yeah.
>>NOORY: And we're still
getting a lot of response
from your last
presentation some time ago.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: What is
a soul contract?
What is that?
>>SOLARIS: A soul
contract is an agreement
that one soul will
have with another soul
in order to learn
lessons or to go
through different
experiences together.
As souls, we're very expansive.
And this is
something that I work
with a lot through my Akashic
Records work that I do.
>>NOORY: So give me an
example of a soul contract.
>>SOLARIS: For instance,
a lot of people
know the terminology
soulmates, that's
an example of a soul contract.
A soulmate is usually somebody
that we've had past lives with,
usually romantic, not always.
But usually, we feel
this familiarity
when we meet a soulmate
even in this lifetime.
>>NOORY: Or at least an
emotional connection, right?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely, yes.
Yes, very much so.
>>NOORY: So many people,
when they break up
with a soulmate think
it's the end of the world.
It's not, is it?
>>SOLARIS: Not at all.
Unlike twin flames, which we'll
also talk about, soulmates,
we have many soulmates.
So there's an endless
amount of soulmates--
>>NOORY: So not just one?
>>SOLARIS: No, not at all.
No.
>>NOORY: That's good.
Now, why is it so important
during this time period
to have the soul connection?
>>SOLARIS: The reason why
soul contracts are very,
I think, popular these
days, people are really
looking at them.
When I do Akashic readings,
people are always asking me
about their soul
contracts, is because we've
gone through many lifetimes
where we're learning lessons
through these soul contracts
that we have with others.
And so we go through many, many
lessons with the same souls.
So in this particular lifetime,
because we're all here
to help Earth ascend
to the fifth dimension,
we are all trying to clear
out our soul contracts
and work through
those old lessons
in order to help Earth
ascend to the fifth dimension
and also to help raise
our consciousness
to the level of consciousness.
So we're clearing away the
feelings of resentment, hate,
grief, sadness, depression
in our contracts
in order to achieve that
higher love consciousness.
>>NOORY: Is this a contract?
Is this a deal with God?
>>SOLARIS: It can be, yes.
I think as-- we're all
so shards of source
so we're all pieces of God.
That's what I believe, anyway.
And so part of us
separating from source
is to have different
experiences.
And we all want to have a
multitude of experiences
with our soul contracts.
And even we learned a lot
of times, our most valuable
lessons, even through some
of the so-called negative
experiences we might
have with souls.
So yeah, I think
it definitely is
part of a contract we have with
God or source or the higher
intelligence.
>>NOORY: Does everyone have
that soul contract ability?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: We do?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
Everybody has soul contracts.
Some of us might have
different soul contracts
depending on what
lessons we've chosen
to have in our incarnations.
Usually, we make decisions
about soul contracts
in between life state
where it's called
Bardo and Tibetan Buddhism.
So it's between death
and reincarnation.
So in between that
time, we usually
go through a life review and
we're setting up decisions
that are made during--
that we're going to have
in our next incarnation.
So yeah, they definitely make--
so everybody makes
these soul contracts.
>>NOORY: Can you
break the contract?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, you
can break contracts.
>>NOORY: That's probably
not a good idea, right?
>>SOLARIS: Actually, in some
cases, it is a good idea.
>>NOORY: Oh really?
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
Sometimes we might
repeat old lessons
over and over and over
again, and it's no longer
serving our highest good.
So sometimes you might want to
do an Akashic clearing or maybe
some shadow work to release
those contracts that
are no longer serving
your highest good
and contributing to
your soul growth.
>>NOORY: Do people
generally make contracts
with friends, loved
ones, employers?
Who did they make it with?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, there's a
multitude of different types
of contracts.
There's twin flame
relationships,
they're soulmates which
we mentioned before,
and a lot of people are very
focused on the twin flame
right now.
>>NOORY: And what is that?
>>SOLARIS: A twin
flame is a soul,
and you usually
only have one, that
is the other half of your soul.
So a lot of times when souls--
>>NOORY: --doppelganger
type thing?
>>SOLARIS: It's a little bit
more complicated than that,
but it's kind of like the
other half of your soul.
So when souls are formulated
in the beginning of time,
they're very large.
So when a soul chooses to
incarnate in physicality,
they might have to split.
And usually, they split as
a Father-God consciousness
or a divine masculinist
expression of the soul.
And a Mother-God
is consciousness
or a divine feminine
expression of the soul.
So you might have a twin
flame that's more masculine
and another one that's
more feminine even
if they are the same sex.
But usually with
twin flames, it's
usually romantic but not always.
I've known of twin flames.
That are maybe brother and
sister or grandmother--
>>NOORY: But there is
a close relationship.
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely, yeah.
It's very magnetic relationship.
You learn a lot of lessons
with your twin flame.
>>NOORY: What is
that connection,
Debbie, when we
find our soulmate?
How do we know
this is a soulmate?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, that's a question
I get a lot, especially when I
do Akashic readings.
A soulmate is
somebody that we just
feel that instant
connection, that familiarity.
We feel like we've
known them for and--
>>NOORY: Many .
>>SOLARIS: Oh, many , yes.
And we usually feel like
there's a connection
there, there's a soul
connection, there's many--
like a contract with them.
Usually, the contract might be
we might share missions or we
might share our .
It's usually somebody that
we end up either marrying
or somebody that we might have
a long-term relationship with.
>>NOORY: And it doesn't
have to be romantic?
>>SOLARIS: Not at all, yeah.
No, there's many
types of soulmates.
>>NOORY: On the Gaia
show Open Minds,
Arielle Ford talked
about soulmates
and how soulmates can
recognize each other.
This is fascinating.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, very cool.
>>ARIELLE FORD: So my
definition of a soulmate
is that it's, first
and foremost, somebody
you can completely
be yourself with,
somebody with whom you
share unconditional love.
And when you look
into their eyes,
you have the experience
of being home.
And if you accept
that definition,
then I want to expand it
even further because we're
going to be talking about
romantic soulmates today,
but your kids, your parents,
your siblings, your coworkers,
your best friend, your
cat, your dog, all
are also soulmates if
they fit that definition.
And to take it even a
step further than that,
I would also say a
soulmate is somebody
that you feel emotionally
and physically safe with.
We have a tribe and
we have recognition
when we connect with our tribe.
And I do believe when
we're planning to hook up
in a particular lifetime with a
soulmate, that we go to a place
that they call
recognition school.
And we plan out the coincidences
and the synchronicity
so that we can
recognize each other.
We can fall into nature's
trick and be crazy in love
and see this, so that we can
get together and grow and heal
each other as a couple.
>>NOORY: Debbie, what do you
think of what she just said?
>>SOLARIS: I love
what she just said.
That's exactly the same way
how I feel about soulmates.
The beautiful thing about
a soulmate relationship
is that we oftentimes
embark on those contracts
in order to learn self-love.
So when we get into a
relationship with a soulmate,
they're reflecting love to us.
And so we're learning,
hey, this person loves me
so maybe I'm not so unlovable.
Maybe I can love myself.
And so we get to see ourselves
mirrored in that other person.
>>NOORY: Can we be cutting
contracts and we don't even
know we're doing it?
>>SOLARIS: Sometimes,
yes, I would say.
I've seen that happen
before with some
of the Akashic clearing
work I've done with clients.
But usually, I think
it's a higher-self,
our higher-self kind of
takes over at that point.
So the higher-self will
say, OK, we no longer need
this contract.
Let's go ahead and
dissipate the contract.
>>NOORY: So what causes the
disruption between soulmates
when things fall apart?
The relationship falls
apart, the friendship
falls apart,
whatever it might be.
>>SOLARIS: There's many
reasons why that might happen.
A lot of times when I
do work with clients,
we're looking at
their Akashic Records
in order to see
where the dissolution
of the relationship--
>>NOORY: What
happened to it, yeah.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
What happened?
Maybe it's caused by a past,
maybe an old trauma signature
from a past life, maybe
it's because the other party
in the contract doesn't
want to learn their lessons.
So sometimes the relationship
just falls apart.
>>NOORY: Interesting
how this is done,
and it's been going on since the
beginning of time, hasn't it?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely,
yeah, I know.
That's why-- and during
this timeline here on Earth,
the reason why so many of us
are trying to clear and work
with our soul contracts
is because we all
want to ascend to
the fifth dimension.
At least, those of us that
are on the spiritual path.
So a lot of my clients
now are coming to me
and they're asking
a lot of questions
about their twin flame,
soulmates, karmic partners,
et cetera.
>>NOORY: Can you
have a relationship,
a contract with someone
you don't get along with?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: That happens too?
How does that happen?
>>SOLARIS: That's called
to karmic partnership.
And I deal with a lot of
those too with my readings.
Our karmic partnership
is usually somebody--
it's usually a contract
where we didn't learn
a lesson from a previous life.
So then we contract
with a master soul.
Usually, it's a master soul
that actually loves us.
But they choose to play
the bad guy in our life
in order to help us master
this lesson in this life.
So the quicker we can
transcend the lesson,
the quicker we can close
out that soul contract
and move on to more
positive relationships.
>>NOORY: Back to
Open Minds again
where Nicolas David
Ngan discusses
what you've just talked about--
these karmic relationships.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, wonderful.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
That's interesting
because a lot of people
experience this especially
in their personal
relationships where
they have this internal
conflict all the time.
But then when
they're apart, they
think fondly of each other.
>>NICOLAS DAVID NGAN:
Yeah, because they're not
in what I call the
cauldron of karmic relating
which is how a lot of
initial relationships
are to bring our
attention to our patterns.
The other thing that
happens is, for example,
if I had a, say, you had
physical karmic sevens which
are about healing
the heart and opening
to show your true feelings
and thoughts in the world,
and I had physical
talent sevens,
my positive energy would go into
your physical talent gateway
up into your
physical karma and it
would help you heal the heart.
So that's called a karmic lock.
So that is actually what
draws people together.
That's actually the tractor beam
effect, actually pulls people--
>>MEREDITH: That's what happens
when they're falling in love.
>>NGAN: Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>NGAN: A lot of the times,
you just get pulled in--
what's happened?
What's happening?
It's because you're getting
the positive frequency that you
need as a perfect match.
And so you will grow much
faster by going through that.
But you have to feel your
way through a lot more
of the negative karmic
issue initially.
But if you stay with
it, then you'll find,
I don't have that
feeling of heartbreak,
I actually feel
more decisive, which
is what a sevens is all about.
I feel I want to show myself
and in fact, I'm opening
and I feel safe.
And so those sort
of relationships
are where people grow much
more rapidly than they would
by themselves because they're
getting this transmission 12
hours out of 7 days a week.
>>NOORY: I have a friend
in Saint Louis, Debbie,
whose wife died a
couple of years ago
and he's been
brokenhearted ever since.
And I got a text from a buddy
of mine last week who said,
Steve just died.
And the doctor said it
was broken heart syndrome.
That's tied into all of this.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
That happens
actually quite a bit.
I also have a friend recently
who her husband passed away
or I would say her
partner passed away
because his brother passed
away two weeks earlier
and he was very
close to his brother
and felt that he was so
heartbroken that he ended up
having a heart attack two
weeks after his brother passed.
So it's very common.
>>NOORY: There's something
that it affects the heart
physically, doesn't it?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: This emotion.
These contracts, how
important are they?
>>SOLARIS: I would say
they're extremely important,
especially during this timeline
because this is our apex life
as far as a lot of us have
chosen to be here on Earth
during this time because
this is an evolutionary--
>>NOORY: And these
are interesting times.
>>SOLARIS: Oh--
>>NOORY: What's that
saying, the best of times
and the worst of times?
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah, definitely.
>>NOORY: Here we are.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, here we are.
Yeah, so we are having some
interesting experiences
and even on a global scale,
a lot of these contracts
are being played out even
with some of the world events.
>>NOORY: Do children
make contracts?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: With adults and
parents and stuff like that?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: At a young age?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
it's all determined
even before they've incarnated.
Children will often have
contracts with their parents,
with family members.
A lot of times when I'm
doing Akashic readings,
I'll have parents that ask
me about their children
and their connection, their soul
contracts with their children.
So very much so.
>>NOORY: Some people do
contracts with the devil.
Is that the same thing?
>>SOLARIS: That is more what I
would call spiritual suicide.
So what spiritual suicide
is, is when you're
turning away from the light.
You're turning away
from the light path.
>>NOORY: Intentionally.
>>SOLARIS: Intentionally, yes.
>>NOORY: Why would
somebody want to do that?
>>SOLARIS: Maybe to
gain power, fame, money.
There's many--
>>NOORY: Can't you do it by
not doing the evil end of it?
Can't you cut a deal
with an angel or God
to do the same thing?
Why do you have to cut
a deal with the devil?
>>SOLARIS: I don't know.
I think sometimes when
you go the dark path,
you get that more
instantaneous gratification.
So some people
want things faster.
And sometimes--
>>NOORY: They can't wait.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, they can't wait.
>>NOORY: What, Debbie, is
a walk-in or parallel soul
agreement?
>>SOLARIS: That's a really
interesting soul contract.
It's not one I see very
often even with my work,
but I have worked
with walk-in souls.
That is a contract
where a person is born
and they're born with a soul.
And then--
>>NOORY: As we all are.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
like we all are.
Yeah, we all have a soul.
And that soul
decides to walk out.
But another soul, usually a more
advanced soul, will walk in.
And it's usually happens
during an accident
or some sort of traumatic event,
maybe a near-death experience.
But it's a contract that's made
even before the physical body
is incarnated.
So one soul will oftentimes--
and there's many reasons
why they agree to this.
But one soul will walk out,
the other one will walk in.
Usually, the walk-in soul
comes from a more advanced star
system.
>>NOORY: So when
you say walk-in,
are you talking about literally
walking into the physical body?
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah.
>>NOORY: --of the
other individual?
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah.
>>NOORY: Is it like possession?
>>SOLARIS: It's a little--
it could be seen that
way but it's more
like they're taking over.
So it's like the other soul--
>>NOORY: The walk-in is taking--
>>SOLARIS: Taking over, yeah.
It's just kind of
taking over the contract
with that particular lifetime.
>>NOORY: Is that done with
the individual's acceptance?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely
on a higher level.
Yeah, on a higher level.
It's usually done maybe not
consciously on the 3D person's
level, but on the fifth
dimensional higher-self level.
Yes, that is an agreement.
>>NOORY: How do you
break a contract?
>>SOLARIS: There's many ways
you can break a contract.
Some of my clients will
choose to break contracts
through doing an Akashic
Records clearing.
Some of them will do shadow work
in order to break a contract.
Sometimes when they learn
their lessons with that soul,
the contract is then
broken so there's no longer
an attachment of some sort.
So there's different ways
you can break a contract.
>>NOORY: Lived out its
agreement, I guess.
>>SOLARIS: Exactly.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Interesting
take on all of that.
Generally, in terms
of male/female,
who cuts the most contracts?
Or it doesn't matter?
>>SOLARIS: You know what?
I don't think it even
matters as far as sex.
I had as many women
break contracts as men
so it's not a gender thing.
It's more of a soul decision.
>>NOORY: Do we as humans cut
deals with extraterrestrials?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
That is a question I get a
lot and we have soul contracts
with both benevolent
and malevolent
extraterrestrial beings.
>>NOORY: And where are these
beings from, generally?
What star systems?
>>SOLARIS: Sometimes
we'll have contracts
with extraterrestrials
of star systems
that we have a
connection with such
as maybe the Pleiades or Lyra.
>>NOORY: We've heard a lot
about those systems, too.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, yeah.
And some people might
even have contracts
with beings from Zeta
Reticuli or even Draconian
beings or benevolent or--
I would say malevolent
beings from Orions.
>>NOORY: Are the
contracts different
depending on the star system?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, they
can be different.
Yes.
Usually with a
malevolent race, it's
usually some sort of agreement
where they're working out
shadow aspects of themselves.
So maybe a soul
has chosen to delve
into dark aspects of themselves,
and so they make contracts
with dark beings.
Most of us, however,
I think choose
to have more light
or more benevolent
contracts with higher
dimensional beings.
A lot of times what I see with
more of the benevolent beings
is that maybe for
some reason, we've
chosen to help them through--
because I get a
lot of abductees--
>>NOORY: Or they help us.
>>SOLARIS: In a way, yes.
In a way, yeah, it's
like we're helping them
and they're helping us.
>>NOORY: How do we
know, Debbie, that we've
made this connection,
this soul agreement?
>>SOLARIS: Usually,
you have a sense of it.
So a lot of times I
have clients that say,
you know, I think I'm
being abducted a lot.
I'm not sure if I have a
contract with grey aliens,
for instance.
You know, I remember
my childhood,
I'm getting abducted.
And so what we do is we look
in their Akashic Records
and we'll say, oh
yeah, you definitely
have a contract with them.
So that's why you
keep getting abducted.
And maybe it's
because they've agreed
to let them use their
DNA or they've agreed
to let them experiment on them.
So we can definitely have those
types of contracts as well.
>>NOORY: Is there
a guiding force
that kind of overlooks
these agreements
and settles in on them?
Or is everything done
on an individual basis?
>>SOLARIS: I would
say there's probably
a higher reason for it.
But I would say
it's more individual
because we are freewill
souls so we all can make--
so we're all able to
make our own choices.
So as souls, we can choose
to have negative experiences
or positive experiences.
>>NOORY: What's a guiding force?
>>SOLARIS: A guiding force
would be like your higher self
or your higher guides,
which basically--
>>NOORY: Could it be angelic?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely
angelic, or our star families.
Might be a higher force
or even ascended masters
or any types of higher
dimensional beings
that we have connections with.
>>NOORY: I keep thinking about
that wonderful Christmas movie,
It's A Wonderful Life where
Jimmy Stewart was contemplating
doing himself in.
And his angel was
sent down to save him.
And do they get involved
that way really?
Because that sounds
like a soul contract
that he tried to break but they
wouldn't let them break it.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
Yeah, and I've had that
happen even with myself
where there was times
where I was down and out,
and there was an
angelic being that
showed up even in my
life that prevented me
from doing any harm to myself.
So yeah, so I've
experienced that personally.
>>NOORY: And what
kind of harm could
come to somebody who breaks
a contract like that?
>>SOLARIS: Usually they end up
having to repeat the lesson.
>>NOORY: In a
different life form?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: Like a
reincarnated situation?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
So a lot of times it's
more-- it behooves us to I
think to go ahead
and as difficult
as some of these
contracts might be,
it behooves us to get through
that lesson in this lifetime
and master it so we don't
have to keep repeating it.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in this?
>>SOLARIS: I think we talked
about this in some of our prior
shows--
>>NOORY: New people here
all the time, Debbie.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I know.
It's like-- I was actually--
I was an ET abductee
myself and during the time
of my abductions, I've
learned quite a bit.
I just got a bunch of
downloads of information
about spirituality,
about Akashic Records,
about our connection
with the universe.
And also because I do a lot of
Akashic readings, particularly
Galactic Akashic readings,
I've seen patterns in people
with certain star lineages
or patterns with certain soul
groups.
So this is a topic
that's really,
I'm very, very fascinated with.
So I love working
with soul connection.
>>NOORY: Now, we read another
Gaia series called initiation
and the host Matias de Stefano
talks about the Pleiadians
as you have and the Arcturians.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, very good.
>>NOORY: --as humanity's
first guiding forces.
>>SOLARIS: Very good, very good.
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO: So the
purpose of clearing people
is like being those high masters
and guides in the matter that
tells us why we
are here and what
we can do to improve
ourselves, what
we can do to enlight ourselves,
to understand reality,
how we can transform matter
and time in every reality
that we have created.
So they are the guides of the
spiritual world in the material
worlds.
And the Arcturian people are the
ones taking care of the matter,
of the structures.
They are like the doctors and
the scientists of the galaxy.
They were the ones
trying to bring
all these enlightened concepts
of spiral and understanding
the importance of these
spiritual patterns
to the physical ones and
put them all together.
So they discover how
spirituality moves through DNA,
through evolution,
and they evolve
in their own planets trying to
take as much power as possible
from the spiritual world
through the physical bodies.
So both of them are
kind of the same,
looking in different
perspectives.
The Pleiadians has the goal
to bring heaven on Earth,
and the Arcturians has a goal
to bring that Earth to heaven.
But it's not a goal that they
want to leave the material
world, but they want to create
a physical world that is exactly
the same as the ethereal one.
So improving this reality,
improving the matter in order
to create civilizations
and create beings
aligned with the light that
is within the structures
of the three-dimensional
realities.
>>NOORY: So Debbie,
how does this star
lineage that Matias is talking
about affect all of us?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, that's
something that I
am particularly interested
in with the work that I do.
So it's a lot of what
I teach through even
some of my trainings.
As souls have had experiences
in other star systems,
we come here to Earth to
learn certain life lessons.
We come here to learn
the human condition.
When we come from systems
such as the Pleiades
or Arcturus or Sirius or--
>>NOORY: And we might, right?
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah, absolutely.
I would say during
this timeline,
I would say the
majority of us that
have been born during
this particular timeline
since World War II
are mostly Starseeds.
There might be some
younger souls still here
on Earth that have only
had Earth incarnations,
but I would say the majority of
us at this time are Starseeds.
But we have forgotten
and we have purposefully
forgotten so that we can go
through the Earth experience
and learn certain
lessons including
those with our soul contracts
and our relationships
with others.
As far as the star
lineage, I do see patterns
with certain star lineages.
So for instance, somebody
that comes from the Pleiades,
I do get a lot of clients
who are Pleiadians Starseeds
and I see patterns with
some of their relationships.
Pleiadians in the
Pleiades, because it's
such a high vibrational
star system,
they have perfect relationships.
They have many
relationships and--
>>NOORY: Is there a
perfect relationship?
>>SOLARIS: They do in the
Pleiades, but on Earth,
there certainly isn't.
So we're playing out our 3D .
>>NOORY: Why do they have a
perfect relationship and we
don't?
>>SOLARIS: Because they've
mastered their lessons.
>>NOORY: They've
ascended a little higher?
>>SOLARIS: They're, yeah,
definitely more ascended
than we are.
I would say quite a bit,
probably quite a bit
more ascended.
But for us here on Earth and
sometimes even as Starseeds,
we might choose to have
those karmic partnerships
or those twin
flame relationships
in order to learn
certain lessons.
For a Pleiadian
Starseed, what I usually
see is that because
they're so empathic
and they're so
open-hearted, and so they
look at the bright side
of the relationship,
sometimes they'll get in
co-dependent situations
with their relationships.
They tend to attract,
at least until they
get more
well-integrated, they'll
attract narcissistic
types that might
try to take advantage of them.
>>NOORY: Well, that happens too.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, yeah.
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
And a lot of times, it's
because the Pleiadians soul
will look at the
individual that they
feel an attraction to
and say, oh my gosh,
that person has
so much potential.
Maybe if I just love
them a little bit more,
they'll become this great human.
I just need to love them.
And a lot of times,
that doesn't happen.
A lot of times what happens
is the Pleiadian soul
will just give, give, give, give
and the narcissist will just
take and keep taking.
>>NOORY: Almost like
they feed off of it.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, exactly.
Yes, so the Pleiadian
soul will oftentimes
do this until they finally
learn that they just
can't keep giving
all the time and they
need to take a
stand for themselves
and start setting boundaries.
And so once they
mastered this lesson,
they usually end up
breaking off that contract
and attracting more healthier
relationships in their life.
>>NOORY: And getting
another contract.
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: How many contracts
can one take in one's lifetime?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, a
multitude of them.
It's endless.
I can't even put a
number to it, George.
We can have many different
types of contracts.
>>NOORY: Is it a good
thing or a bad thing
to break these contracts?
>>SOLARIS: I would say
in most of the time
if it's not serving
your highest good,
it is a good idea to
break the contract.
>>NOORY: It is.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And how do
it's not working?
>>SOLARIS: A lot of times
what my clients will describe
to me when I'm doing
Akashic Records
work with them is that
they feel like they're
in the stuck pattern.
They feel stuck.
They keep repeating
the same patterns
over and over and over again.
And they're frustrated because
they want to move forward.
And so a lot of
times what we'll do
is when I'm doing an
Akashic Records clearing,
for instance, we'll look
at some of their contracts
and sometimes I'll
tell them, hey, I
think you need to
keep this contract.
I think it's working
for your highest good.
But sometimes I'll look
at it and I'll say,
you know what, I
don't think this
is working for you anymore.
Let's break it.
And so we do that.
>>NOORY: How do you
see their contract?
How does that happen?
>>SOLARIS: When I'm doing
an Akashic Records reading
or clearing, I'm able to access
that person's soul journey,
I'm able to access other souls
that they have connections
with.
So like you were
mentioning before,
we're all part of soul families.
And so I can take a
look at their past lives
with certain souls
and we can see, OK,
have you learned your lessons
from this ongoing soul
contract?
Or have you transcended those
lessons but for whatever reason
you're not able to
break that contract?
So you can actually access
a lot of information
from the Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: You
mentioned past lives.
Do you do that and
find it in hypnosis?
>>SOLARIS: As far as me
being in hypnosis or--
>>NOORY: Hypnotizing
people, do you do that?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, no.
Not at all.
I just have a direct
connection to the records
so I don't need to
hypnotize people.
I do all the work.
So I just download--
>>NOORY: Does it ever
get tiring for you?
>>SOLARIS: Yes.
Akashic readings
can be very tiring.
A lot of people don't realize
that when you're in the Akashic
Records, you're using all
of your clair abilities,
so you're using clairvoyance,
clairsentience, clairaudient,
and so you're
getting information
from many different
types of avenues.
At the same time, you might be
talking to the Akashic guides
or talking to their guides.
So it can be very exhausting.
So that's why I can only
do a certain amount of--
certain number of
Akashic readings a day.
>>NOORY: It doesn't
sound like a great idea
to break these contracts,
though, does it?
>>SOLARIS: For the
most part, I would
say there's a higher
reason why we've
chosen to have these contracts.
So a lot of times, we just
need to play them out.
But I have seen
situations where people
keep repeating old
contracts and it's
because maybe on a
higher soul level
they don't know how
to close them out.
So if it's for
their highest good,
we'll definitely
close it out for them.
>>NOORY: Generally, when you've
met someone that you really
like, can you tell that they've
got good contracts out there?
>>SOLARIS: As far as
with other people?
>>NOORY: With other people,
with themselves, can you
have a contract with yourself?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
I would say that's the
biggest contract we have,
is with ourselves.
>>NOORY: Good.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Good, and how
do you compose that?
How do you put it together?
>>SOLARIS: Well, I think
a lot of times in our ,
particularly when we're in a
third-dimensional incarnation
or reality, we're playing out
certain lessons that we need
to learn in order to accelerate
our spiritual growth.
And so certain
lessons might be even
if I'm separated from source,
can I still love myself?
Even if I'm separated
from source,
can I still have
unconditional love for others?
And so throughout these certain
different soul contracts
that we have with
other people, we
are able to replay those
lessons over and over again
in many different
variations and nuances.
And it ends up becoming
a beautiful tapestry
of experiences that our soul
will have while we're here.
And helps us to
ascend even further.
>>NOORY: Is it healthy
for us to ascend this way?
>>SOLARIS: I would say yes--
>>NOORY: Physically?
>>SOLARIS: Definitely.
Oh, absolutely.
I would say--
I mean, I would think
as souls that come here
to help the planet ascend and
also to help humanity ascend,
it is very healthy
to play out all
of these different
types of contracts
and to have these experiences
so that we can evolve and move
forward.
>>NOORY: Do you
find that people who
have these good
contracts in place
are generally happier
people, healthier people?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, definitely.
I would say people
that are awakened
or on the spiritual
path that have
a certain level
of self-awareness
about themselves, about
others, generally I
think tend to be people that
are emotionally more healthier,
they're more open to maybe
looking at themselves
and seeing what part they
play and some of the contracts
they have with others.
So yes, I would
say definitely yes.
>>NOORY: The Akashic
Records, can we rewrite them?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, to
a certain degree.
Yes.
I do that all the time with
Akashic Records clearings.
>>NOORY: Now, when you say
to a certain degree, what
restricts us?
>>SOLARIS: There are
certain things that
are more in concrete
so there might be,
for instance, some of our past
lives, they're very concrete.
But when we're talking
about future probabilities,
we can rewrite
those all the time.
And sometimes, we can even
rewrite a certain timeline
through maybe
neurolinguistic reprogramming
or through Akashic Records
clearings or through QHHT
where maybe the records
aren't exactly changed
but our response to the
records have changed.
So maybe our response to
a past situation changes.
And so then we're able to
grow and heal from that.
>>NOORY: When Kelly
Jones was on our program,
she talked about how to
rewrite the Akashic Records
and how to unlearn our
human conditioning.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, wonderful.
>>KELLY JONES: We
rewrite our records--
>>NOORY: Pick off the bad stuff.
>>JONES: All the time.
Well, and how we do
that is by shifting
the matrix of our perception
of that which we perceived
as having experienced.
So for example, if I
look back in childhood
or somebody's experience in
childhood to say, you know,
what was my mother
or father doing
or what were they thinking?
What was the truth of their
behavior and their actions?
And when that information
is brought forward,
the energetic space within
one's beingness shifts.
They have a whole new
perspective and understanding
of what transpired,
let's say, in childhood.
And in that, the records,
their perception is rewritten.
Truth has been revealed
and they know it.
There's an internal
feeling that says, yes.
>>NOORY: How soon in
one's life do they start?
A little baby?
When?
>>JONES: So it's really
since we decided as soul
to individuate from source.
>>NOORY: So that could
be almost at any time?
>>JONES: The records
are always there.
And so we-- it's called the
recording of our soul's journey
through lifetimes.
So it's every lifetime
that we've experienced.
And I feel like
what you're speaking
to might be a little
different, which
has to do with innocence, which
has to do with the truth of who
we are.
Exactly.
And so we overlay shall we say
the personality or the ego,
which begins to judge or mask
the pureness of who we are
and we start being conditioned
by the human condition.
And what we're learning
to do is actually
unlearn the human conditioning.
And so we can access the Akashic
Records which brings forth
that wisdom that assist
us in understanding even
the deeper pieces or the lessons
that we came here to learn.
And so those are
vital and they're
important to our soul journey.
And they're recorded
in the records as well.
>>NOORY: When people come
to you for assistance,
are they troubled?
>>SOLARIS: Some are.
Some are just curious.
So it just depends on what
that person's, I guess,
intention is for their
reading at the time.
>>NOORY: How do they find you?
I mean, how do people
wake up in the morning
and say, I got to talk
to Debbie about my soul?
How does that happen?
>>SOLARIS: I guess, I've
been out there for a while.
I have a YouTube channel--
>>NOORY: Your name's out there.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, so
my name is out there
so people know what I do.
But I have a lot
of people that want
to have readings with
me at this time which
is, I think, a real
blessing because it shows me
that people are awakening.
They're getting
interested and working
on themselves and on their
soul and their contracts.
So people can generally
find me through my website.
So I do have a website.
>>NOORY: Which is?
>>SOLARIS: DebbieSolaris.com,
D-E-B-B-I-E-S-O-L-A-R-I-S dot
com.
And I do offer trainings
in soul contracts
so they can definitely
go into my website
and sign up for a training.
>>NOORY: So they can
do their own readings?
>>SOLARIS: Well, not so
much their own readings
but it teaches them how to
recognize soul contracts
that they might be having.
>>NOORY: With others?
>>SOLARIS: With
others, absolutely.
And how that connects
to their star origins.
>>NOORY: There's an
old saying, Debbie,
that in order to
heal something, you
have to look within and
see what your self is.
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: That's
basically what we've
been talking about tonight.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
The best way to heal
our soul contracts
is to work on
ourselves and to work
on our own spiritual growth and
our own spiritual evolution.
>>NOORY: If somebody
cannot connect--
cannot connect with
contracts, cannot connect with
themselves--
are they headed for doom?
>>SOLARIS: I wouldn't say
they're headed for doom
but they might be
headed to repeat
some of these lessons
in future lifetimes.
>>NOORY: What has
been for you one
of the most astounding
cases you've ever dealt
with that just overwhelmed you?
>>SOLARIS: As far as--
>>NOORY: An individual
who came to you.
Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: I will say the
most interesting one that I've
had was a walk-in experience.
I had a lady that was a
walk-in and her soul actually
came from a different universe.
And it was like a
triangle headed beings
and it was really--
I mean when I saw her records,
I was just like, I was amazed.
I was just amazed at
the depths of her soul
and even just the contract
that the walk-in soul
had with her at that time.
And I will never
forget that case.
It was amazing.
And you can actually, if you
go on my YouTube channel,
you can actually hear about--
hear her reading because it
is on my YouTube channel.
>>NOORY: How long does it
take you to analyze somebody?
>>SOLARIS: Usually when
I start doing a reading,
it's almost instantaneous and
it's not really coming from me,
it's coming from
the Akashic guides.
It's coming from
the Akashic Record.
>>NOORY: Anything coming
from the guts, your gut?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I
do use my intuition
so I always tell people that,
yes I'm doing your reading
but I'm also doing it from
my frame of reference,
from my intuition.
So if something
doesn't resonate,
it might be because it's my
interpretation of the records.
But the records never lie.
The records are
always based in truth.
>>NOORY: How many contracts
can an individual handle?
>>SOLARIS: I would
say a multitude.
I think it depends
on different souls.
Like some souls may choose
to have fewer contracts,
some souls may choose to
have a lot of contracts.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SOLARIS: Me, personally,
I have a lot of contracts.
>>NOORY: Do we have
contracts with everyone
we're in touch with?
>>SOLARIS: In a way, yes.
Even if it seems like
a casual connection,
there might be a certain
level of a contract
with that individual.
>>NOORY: If an individual
dies that you've
got a contract with, does
that kill the contract?
>>SOLARIS: Not necessarily.
No, I mean, you can
have an ongoing contract
even for lifetimes.
So even if that person
physically dies,
more than likely, you
might even see them again
in future lifetimes.
>>NOORY: What is
your next project?
>>SOLARIS: Right now, I am
working on some more webinars.
We're going to do a webinar
on Starseeds and health.
So certain trends that we see
with certain star lineages,
their health conditions.
So those types of things.
How to navigate
through today's reality
with COVID and everything else.
And I'm pretty excited
about that project
actually because
I'm somebody that
has been able to transcend
and improve my own health.
>>NOORY: Debbie, thanks
for being on Beyond Belief.
>>SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
>>NOORY: We really
appreciate it.
>>SOLARIS: Really awesome
to be here with you.
>>NOORY: Truly remarkable
how you can cut contracts
with people you care about and
people you don't care about.
And the end result, of course,
is making you a better person.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]